you know they say First Impressions last
a lifetime you better hope that's not
true my God I'm so stressed just looking
at this what is this cable hammock what
did you do I'm getting fired my anxiety
level is like up here there's more yes
and this is my dad's setup wait this is
the bedroom setup it's clear at this
point that your condition is genetic
thankfully the setup doctor has the Cure
just take one of these LT magnetic cable
management arches three times daily for
a week and check back in with me oh
that's it well there is also the
suppository bad cable management it's
disease and someone's got to cure it
that's why lonus became the setup doctor
my name is Sammy uh and I'm the social
media coordinator at Li group I am 27
years old I just work you got some nice
decorations you know how many computers
do I see well one two this skeleton of
one I see another one outside the room
yeah I won at the Christmas party you
know the Christmas party was uh 4 months
ago right I'm a busy man this monitor is
just on its stock stand and it has a
two-headed monitor arm right behind it
uh and this one okay what else are we
dealing with today when I submitted my
application for uh the KO management
video I was pretty confident I was going
to win just because my setup is pretty
horrendous this is where my my parents
usually watch watch their you know their
K dramas and their shows you like the
big bezels on this TV I do I like big
bezels and I canot and on the back I
think it's not as bad but I don't think
so
brother it's functional here's an
unusual technique it's called put all
the cables in the front and don't plug
any of them in all right first things
first we're going to have to get that oh
wow that's really heavy you know what
I've got a couple of other patients to
attend to uh next up is going to be Dan
thankfully I've got my cable management
Med students to step in and get us
started uh lift with your legs huh I
don't want you to need a real doctor
good luck everybody first things first
we're going to take everything on your
desk and put it into
buckets let's
go you like Halo I love Halo which one's
your favorite Halo 3 baby
respect oh my God Sammy what oh he
didn't put the io shield in yeah and he
didn't give it to me
Andy so this desk needs to go upstairs
to his dad's room so we need to go clean
up his dad's room to make space for the
desk my dad's step is actually cleaner
than mine now this is what happens when
you tidy nah don't worry we'll get you
there wow everything is still chaos it
looks like I didn't miss all the fun
then our treatment plan is based around
the LTT magnetic Cable Management arches
and the secret lab mag Magnus pro desk
the cable management tray on the back
spans the entire length of the desk
making hiding your cable mess a breeze
and thanks of the power pass through up
the leg we don't have to worry we'll
always have the right length of cables
whether we're sitting or standing and
while the desk pad is oh so soft the
whole desk is also magnetic and secret
lab has a host of magnetic accessories
to keep everything in its right place
radio head reference and it works
brilliantly with our cable management
products too learn more in the link in
the description why don't we get the
hardware stuff in place sure and then we
can figure out how many cables we need
to support the stuff that he's actually
got plugged in wait out of all the
computers you have this is the one you
want to put in there you don't even have
your GPU in the right slot brother oh
yeah so this one's broken well and it
goes that's not my problem we're cable
managing the room not the computer
before we put your system in the holder
that goes under the Magnus can you tell
me what makes you think this top slot
doesn't work uh I had a pcie extender
and I kept taking in and out and I think
this ran out of like the amount of times
I can take out before it expires okay
because all the pins seem to be fine and
their Springs are oh my God who built
this
computer do you see how scuffed this
is what did you do I took it in and out
also why do you only have two screws in
your motherboard one of which isn't even
in all the way you only need two and you
only have two no you do not only need
two screws for a cooler oh yeah no so uh
this was when this wasn't working I
thought it was a AO issue cuz I kept
screwing it and it broke yeah you kept
screwing it I can't tell at this point
if Lon is actually acting up for the
camera or he's actually just annoyed by
my setup at this point oh no this is
horrible you had bare pins just sitting
in here like this is 5vt power and
ground if this touches the case it
shorts out it could fry your motherboard
no this is actually bad but it works you
literally were just talking about how it
doesn't work yeah yeah never watched the
PC guide in my life I just kind of put
the shapes in there and then it kind of
worked realistically though Sammy fixing
this cluster Jam is not my problem today
can I have that side panel please here's
a tech tip for you if you can't get the
panel on time to eat some more
Doritos get that weight on there
thankfully the secret lab desk can
support up to 250 lbs right there there
we go easy peasy look at that awesome
the front panel won't fit on because he
put this he put this fans on the wrong
side of the thing he should have moved
his radiator back and had the fans
inside this [__] guy also two screws
half of them loose for each of them oh
my God is this hard drive in the front
of this case even mounted to anything no
no it is
not oh God uh don't look in here
lonus is that a sealed copy of Diablo I
yeah he also has a 6970 that's just out
on top of a GeForce 8 8800 GT with uh he
also has an IDE drive that seems to be a
key stowed in this mountain of junk that
fit Sammy are you kidding me it didn't
fit do three of them not fit maybe is it
probably it's probably for like two 140s
they fit dude I'm tearing this thing
apart they didn't fit no might not they
don't fit I promise they don't fit I
promise you don't fit okay well I'm
moving your hard drive cage back and I'm
getting no I'm doing it give me that no
I promise you it doesn't I promise you
lus need some time alone so we're going
to go cable manage in the living room
just looking at what we have here I
think we might be able to get away with
the desk solution which includes two
large arches three medium arches five
small arches two power bar keys two
power brick holders as well as the
accompanying plates and a bunch of cable
ties I'm thinking that's going to be
enough but also don't worry we can just
buy more individual ones at LTT
store.com so I don't know if this can be
an issue but there's not a lot of
magnetic stuff around my media console
as you see that's totally fine because
our magnetic cable stuff comes with
metal plates that you can stick onto any
surface and the magnetic stuff works
like
that our power brick holders are pretty
neat because you're able to use our LTT
store cable ties and just kind of loop
them in like that which actually means
that you can use a lot of different
sizes of things so this might not be a
power brick but what I can do is I can
take this tiny media box strap it on and
we can hide it under here where it's
going to be out of sight but you're
still going to be able to access it if
you need it and then if you ever need to
like plug something in you can just pull
it down I've done that with your psvr
already it's just under here now that's
a pretty nifty way of using it Adam yeah
I was pretty proud when they came up
with that good job so we have a bit of a
dilemma we have this nice car-shaped
PlayStation stand and at the front are
USB ports with USB sticking out so I
thought maybe if we turn it around and
have the back stick out but then we have
all the cables from the PlayStation so I
need a break you have to choose the
lesser of two evils
editor you can turn this into a
lightsaber
[Music]
right I should be keeping a list of
everything that was wrong with Sammy's
computer your motherboard screws were
632 your standoffs were N3 I have no
idea how you manag to drive some of them
in
there I already fixed the 24 pin but you
know how it has those four that are
detachable well they detached oh they
were only sucking like this far I knew
my computer was up to expectation I
didn't know it it would get that bad you
know you have this headset that has to
be coming out the front because you're
going to be playing your VR over here
convenient way to deal with that is if
we can kind of have a a nice place to
hook this up and hang it so I'm going to
put this Cable Mount just underneath
here so that the cable can be hung and
easily put away instead of just strewing
about on the ground I have a theory that
there's nothing wrong with this computer
other than that it was not assembled
correctly I'm just going to test that
real quick here by putting his GPU back
in the top
slot well I was trying to turn this on
it wasn't working uh I had forgotten to
put the 24 pin back in after I fixed the
four pin so that that's why it wasn't
working but I went and I inspected the
front panel connectors and they're all
wrong like the power switch works
because it's bridging power and ground
but instead of going this way it's going
this way function of her form is my
saying there is nothing wrong with your
top slot
look we still have some mystery cables
to figure out I see that we have lots of
mystery cables uh one is spare speaker
wire neat I think it's for the front
channel oh it's for the front channel oh
un managed the laptop has been there
since Google Chromecast sorry it's been
there since before the time of Google
chomecast yeah
2013 yeah I remember cuz lap that laptop
was the first gaming laptop I had and I
paid League Legends on it nice now that
I had sami's computer working perfectly
with the GPU in the correct slot I need
to put his Wi-Fi card back in so we can
get the latest drivers and all that so I
asked him hey where the heck is your PCI
bracket he goes no no it came like that
we're having a little BET right now you
are no it didn't if it doesn't what do I
get then you get a crappy incomplete
Wi-Fi card actually do you know what
muing is M meow no meow meow meow meow I
have cats it's like it's like you go
like this and then go like this and they
show you off your your uh your CH chisel
jawline what if they doesn't come with
it you should do it with me I don't
think that'll be
necessary so exhibit a this picture oh
is that what bracket is oh that's what
you
meant this bracket this actually isn't
the right one though this is a uh low
profile one I have an idea I found the
PCI slot covers that came with Samy's
case and I found the half height bracket
for this card so what I'm going to do is
a little trick take your mind off that
pain then what we're going to do is
we're going to cut holes in this and
we're going to stick this through here
and then we're going to like attach
these together somehow and make a
bracket
pull oh that is so cool it's
magnetic that's pretty
cool I have an update on the wireless
card Saga I can't believe I didn't think
of this in the first place we poked
holes and we were thinking oh how do we
secure this to the we don't need to
check this out we're going to screw in
the antennas and that's not going
anywhere
functional in all seriousness though
this is a very important problem because
if you ever accidentally bumped this
antenna thing and it jostled that card
removing it from the slot it could kill
the card kill the motherboard or both I
cannot believe how solid this is now to
get the fresh working computer clipped
into the
desk there we go wow that really gets it
up off the floor
huh okay in all seriousness it does
touch the floor I'm at the very very
bottom but this is a standing desk so
I'm sure it'll go up a bit at some
point I got to say a nice metal desk
like this is a match made in heaven for
magnetically mounting accessories like
these antennas or our power bar
holders now I just got to run these up
here is what I would say if
realistically I wasn't just going to put
this in the thing in there anyway but
there are some things that we're going
to want to put on the bottom things like
you know excess slack for charging cable
for wireless headphones or a controller
or something like that I have little
coils hanging down from the other side
of my desk with just a little Cable
Management arches it's pretty nice this
is your primary monitor yes low
sensitivity or high sensitivity uh High
sensitivity High sens so you don't need
a ton of mouse pad space where's your
desk pad are you going to have a desk
pad on top of this yes I will this is
not an lmg uh
mouse pad that's fine it's right games I
don't know oh sure right gam
store.com I was about to put some of our
cable management arches on this cable to
kind of lock it into that desirable spot
and Adam's like no you have to use
secret labs's Cable Management thing
with my
Bobs there fine you happy yeah looks
great so we need to get it at kind of
the height that you'd be at is that a
short joke no I'm short too so if it was
then I'm allowed we're average height
King in Korea what is that supposed to
mean means we're average height Kings in
Korea what we're in Canada though if you
saying that Korean people are typically
shorter are we oh we are
yeah the nice part about this video is
we won't have any comments of people not
getting jokes cuz we've had to explain
the M
Samy get us at the height you want to be
here right there okay and then what
height do you want the monitor at uh
probably like right like this this is
nice actually cuz sometimes when I want
to play like more like FPS games yeah I
want to bring the mon closer so then
it's like this actually problem I
actually had way before so I can like
game like this you know oh interesting
that is the epitome of first world
problems but it's a very first world
problem but a problem nonetheless we
have easy access to all of our plugs by
having our power bar right up here the
cables are nicely managed without too
much tension so you can still pull the
TV out everything's nicely pressed up
against the back of the TV and we even
have our streamer box and our
PlayStation VR tucked away out of sight
and how are we making out up here Reese
pretty good we're about 80% of the way
there wow making great time might be out
of here before dinner if you eat dinner
at 700 p.m why do I always end up on
people's floors okay I'm turning on your
computer
okay you ready moment of truth let's go
have we actually plugged in the power to
the desk one of the coolest things about
the Magnus Pro is that it has its own
built-in power distribution so you just
plug it in down here at the bottom right
and then you got plugs up here for your
power bars and all that stuff that just
sits on the holder in the bottom uh so
the one monitor turned oh well this one
doesn't have the power brick okay do you
want to run and grab this power brick
yes sir all
right they're not making this yeser
thing a meme sorry sir stop it I'm
taking this off
no my revenge Denis probably just like
had a heart attack right now and he's
not even dead and he's turning over in
his
grave do you know what else is appealing
a chance for you to receive a visit from
the setup doctor himself that's that's
right he's doing house calls baby for
now we're only going to select winners
from North America but if the series
gets enough traction we will be
traveling a world wide to fix viewer
setups make sure to smash that like
button share the video tell all of your
friends and if you want to enter all you
got to do is like this video subscribe
to lus techtips and submit your info and
pictures of your setup in the link in
the description to win do it I know you
want
to can we put the camera on the other
side is there a reason it's on that side
is there a reason it's so far over is
that do you want like a really profile
look we're going to put this brick from
ug green right here and then we're going
to manage these cables right here so
there's just enough slack that you can
bring them around top as needed but that
they can hide a away down here but lonus
how are we going to do that without a
cable management that sticks it upwards
we didn't even script this he's just
trying to make it sound scripted I'm
just in the event you have any cables
running up or down the sides of your
legs you can use these convenient cable
sheaths from secret lab that nicely
match the aesthetic we just can't really
figure out why we would need them
because the desk has built-in power that
goes up the inside of the leg so there's
nothing there and then it has that
built-in cable tray that holds
everything secret lab you did a too good
of a job by the way little hack if you
have a power brick that is too small for
the big power brick holder and too big
to hold really well with the little
cable tie holder you can use two of the
little cable tie holders I'm happy with
this this one happens to be magnetic
anyway so it kind of to the top of the
desk so your watch charger is always
going to be there and then I put two
arches so you can grab this one and grab
whatever cables you need and then you
can just kind of like tuck them back
there and that way they're up nice and
flat here so we don't have to look at
them I consider that acceptable it's a
headphone hook yeah oh yeah and it's
magnetic oh yeah oh this is from secret
lab oh that's cool I swear to God Sammy
you run one cable in this whole setup
and you managed to do that to it Adam oh
my God so here have a seat and let's see
let
no no no on the chair oh I just want to
make sure I'm always lowered I didn't
say KN oh my God not like that is that
where you want that that doesn't seem
comfortable aren't those Wireless yeah
but then I don't like charging
it oh oh right now that we can so then
you can just grab one of your USB C's
and put it in there oh this is awesome
there's one last piece of the desk that
we haven't put on yet and it's the
little Cable Management tray cover piece
man it's even cleaner dude no no no no
no this is this is ridiculous your
digital hygiene is just as bad as your
physical hygiene I smell good no no not
personal hygiene like like your stuff
how do you have this many things that
load when your computer Lo like look at
all this stuff half of it's even
minimized already it's a it's a
functional mess opportunity cost it's
not opportunity cost every single time
you turn your computer on you're wasting
your own time wisdom Adam with the wi
when I when I boot it I can go get drink
of water you know well that's an
opportunity cost why are you drinking
water that's the problem with your
generation you asked before why your
generation can't afford food or housing
that's it right there you drink water
now to check out what ad him and wow
wait dang give credit to Reese he he
nailed it this is awesome yeah what a
transformation yeah I'm glad you were
able to get a desk and then hand down
this one to your father this is way
better than being on like three
different tables yeah now it's only on
two different tables I think my dad
would like this he's the reason why I'm
in Tech same way my dad's reason I got
into technology too my dad's the reason
I got into Tech too cuz he didn't know
and I had to fix everything my dad
taught me lots of other
stuff so what do you think wow it looks
good awesome dude this looks awesome
yeah this actually looks really nice in
spite of
you what because of your help I
help well it means because of your help
but in like you didn't really help very
much kind of way I can actually breathe
in this room now look at this setup we
went from absolute zero to complete hero
and in one day with only four people
working on it we managed to do this room
the bedroom upstairs which looks
absolutely incredible like I would want
that set up in my bedroom and we've even
got the living room looking awesome I
did not stick around for Sammy to put
back his countless plastic things uh but
we'll get some b-roll of he's going to
do it and he's going to do a great job
and it's going to look beautiful it's
going to look as beautiful as this and
the whole room is going to be beautiful
yes sir if you don't we take the desk
back and it's going to be the same deal
for you if you guys win an upgrade I
think Adam told you guys how to enter
right but there's information down below
we can record that let's do it oh yeah
and massive Shout Out secret lab this
the desk is incredible the accessories
are incredible I mean the results speak
for themselves is this awesome or what
yeah well your desk won't make you a
better gamer it just make you look good
doing it I look handsome right can you
say I look handsome I can say I look
handsome yes dads am I right guys ah yes
another patient cured thanks to the
setup doctor make sure to tune in next
time when the doctor treats his W show
producer Dan
besser you guys enjoyed this video why
not check out the time I spent my day
off doing basically this but at my own
house